Describe your happiest childhood memory?
What is a popular song that you enjoy (and why do you like it)?
What is one of your favorite songs from your childhood?
Who is the one friend you can always rely on?
What is the biggest accomplishment in your personal life?
What is the biggest accomplishment in your professional life?
List 5 hobbies and activities that bring you joy?
What mistake did you make, which ultimately led to a positive experience?
Describe a family tradition that you are most grateful for.
Who is a teacher or mentor that has made an impact on your life and how did they help you?
What do you like the most about your town or city?
Describe your favorite location in your house and why you like it.
What is something you’ve learned this week that you're thankful for?
Who made you smile in the past 24 hours and why?
What is a recent purchase that has added value to your life?
What is the biggest lesson you learned in childhood?
List 3 ways you can share your gratitude with other people in the next 24 hours.
Describe your favorite smell.
Describe your favorite sound.
Describe your favorite sight.
Describe your favorite taste.
Describe your favorite sensation.
How can you pamper yourself in the next 24 hours?
Write about someone you’ve never met, but who has helped your life in some way.
How is your life more positive today than it was a year ago?
What do other people like about you?
List a skill you have that most people don’t possess.
What is your favorite part of your daily routine?
What is a great book you’ve recently read?
What is your favorite holiday and why do you love it?
What is your favorite T.V. show and why do you love it?
What is your favorite movie and why do you love it?
What is your favorite way to enjoy nature? 
Write about a recent obstacle you faced and how you overcame it.
Describe a favorite pet and what you love(d) about it.
List 5 things you are looking forward to in the next year.
What is your favorite food you love to indulge in?
Write about someone who makes your life better.
What is today’s weather and what is one positive thing you can say about it?
Describe a weird family tradition that you love?
When was the last time you had a genuine belly laugh and why was it so funny?
What is a major lesson that you learned from your job?
Write about a recent time when a stranger did something nice for you.
What is the hardest thing you’ve had to do, which led to a major personal accomplishment?
What is one aspect of your health that you’re more grateful for?
Who can you count on whenever you need someone to talk to and why?
Describe the last time you procrastinated on a task that wasn’t as difficult as you thought it would be.
What is your favorite habit and why it is an important part of your daily routine?
Describe a “perfect day” that you recently had.
What is a favorite place that you’ve visited?
List 5 qualities you like about yourself.
What is one thing you look forward to enjoying each day after work or school?
What was something you did for the first time recently?
What is one lesson you learn from rude people?
Write about a time where you felt courageous.
What are a few ways you can appreciate your health whenever you’re sick?
List 5 things you have now that you didn’t have 5 years ago.
What aspects of your job or school do you enjoy the most?
What is a great recipe you’ve prepared that others rave about?
Describe a recent time when you truly felt at peace.
What is your favorite quote or a bit of wisdom that you like to frequently share with others?
Are you a morning person or a night owl?  What do you love most about this part of the day?
List 5 of your favorite possessions.
What is a small win that you accomplished in the past 24 hours?
What is a personal viewpoint that positively defines you as a person?  
Describe an experience that was painful, but made you a stronger person.
What is your favorite season and what do you like about it?
What makes you unique?
What are you most looking forward to this week?
Describe a small, everyday thing that you enjoy.
What is an app or item that you use every day which adds value to your life?
What activity do you enjoy most when alone?
What activity do you enjoy most when with others?
Describe your oldest friend. What do you like most about this person?
How have you recently cared for your physical wellbeing?
How have you recently cared for your mental wellbeing?
When you were a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What is your favorite charity and why do you support it?
What book have you learned the most from?
Where was your last vacation? Describe what you did there.
What is something that comes easily to you, but is challenging for others?
What is something that you’ve recently fixed?
Describe something positive in your life that you didn’t have five years ago.
What makes you happy when you’re feeling down?
List 3 major life accomplishments that you’re proud to have achieved.
What artist, musician or author are you most grateful for?
What do you love most about the current season?
What gift did you enjoy receiving in the past year?
What freedoms are you most grateful for?
Look around the room and list all the items that you’re grateful for.
What fear are you currently facing?  How can you use this fear to your advantage?
What is your top goal?  Why is this goal important to you?
What is your favorite emotion to feel?
What makes you happy to be alive?
List 5 things that you hope will happen in the next year.
Write down one good thing that happened to you today.
What are five personality traits that you are most thankful for?
What about your upbringing are you most grateful for?
Are you happy with how your day turned out?
Can you do better tomorrow?
Name 5 things you are doing well currently.
Did you have a nice surprise today? Write about it.
Did you do something nice to someone today? Write about it.
What is something nice another person did for you today or this week?
What is something nice you did for another person today or this week?
Who or what in your life are you happy to have let go?
What were your 3 best days? 
Think about the worst period you went through your life and list 10 ways life is better now than it was then.
What are irritations in your life that could use a change in perspective?
List something good that has recently caught your attention to make you realize how fortunate you are.
List the top 5 qualities of people you admire.
List 3 people and/or things you feel that you take for granted. How can you express more appreciation for these things or people?
What friends are you most grateful for having? What makes each friend special?
List 3 things you could do today to be kinder.
Name 3 things that always put a smile on your face.
What is the most beautiful place you have been to?
What are your biggest accomplishments?
What do you really appreciate about your life?
What has been the highlight of your day today?
What things do you own that make life easier?
Name 3 things that have happened to you that have strengthened your character and who you are today (positive or negative events).
List 2 struggles you experienced in life that you have overcome. What or who have helped you to overcome these trials?
List 5 things you love about your home.
What 3 things you love about the town, area or neighborhood you live in?
What about nature are you grateful for?
What are your 5 senses experiencing currently?
What about your career or job are you grateful for?
What things made you laugh out loud this week?
Write about something you saw recently that warmed your heart.
Write about a time someone went out of their way to help you.
Think about a time that you went out of your way to help someone.
When was a time that pure luck or grace has saved you? 
Make a list of 5 ways you are fortunate.
What meals do you most enjoy making or eating?
What physical characteristics are you most grateful for?
Name 3 talents or qualities you have that you are grateful for.
How can you continue being more thankful?
Name something beautiful that you saw today.
What memory are you grateful for?
What opportunities are you grateful for?
Name something in your home that you truly treasure. Why?
What about your body are you grateful for?
Name a struggle you currently have. What about that struggle makes you grateful?
What talents or abilities are you grateful for?
What book are you grateful for?
Describe a piece of positive news you recently heard.
What is the biggest gift in your life right now?
What are you thankful for in nature?
What food are you thankful for?
What bit of information are you glad you know?
Name a basic need that has been met.
What positive changes in your personality have happened in the last year?
How do you show gratitude for your friends?
What small thing are you grateful happened today?
What difficult parts of your life contain hidden blessings?
What is something a friend or family member did today that made you grateful for them?
One family member I am grateful for is...
A friend I cherish is _____, because he or she...
I am grateful for my house/apartment because...
One freedom I often take for granted is...
A book that has meant a lot to me recently is...
My favorite part of my body is my ___________ because...
The thing I love most about my town or city is...
I am so thankful to my parent(s) for...
One of my favorite animals or pets has been _______ because...
Write about a song that reminds you of a happy event in your life.
I have had some wonderful teachers in my life. Currently, I’m grateful for...
One simple pleasure that I value is...
One of my most worthwhile purchases has been my...
One of my greatest life lessons was...
An artist or author whose body of work continually inspires me is...
One thing I appreciate about myself is...
List 3 things about your health that have been going well for you..
A few things I appreciate about mornings are...
One person I don’t talk to very often, but I know I can count on is...
My favorite thing about coming home at the end of the day is...
One piece of technology I can’t live without is...
One way I have bettered myself in the past month is...
One piece of advice or a quote that has stayed with me is...
The best part of today was...
In contrast to one of my hardest days, I am grateful for today because...
One thing I love about my daily schedule is that...
One life hack I have picked up that has yielded positive results is...
My favorite way to exercise is ________ because when I do it, I feel...
One way I have been trying to slow down is ________, and it has allowed me to appreciate...
One thing that always makes me feel better when I’m down is...
I wouldn’t be where I am today without this person’s help and support...
One generous thing I did recently was...
One activity I want to engage more in is...
I know I’m not alone in this life because...
What I know to be true is...
Nature has abounded us with gifts, and one particularly beautiful element of nature is...
One thing I am really looking forward to is...
One way I’m better today than I was yesterday is...
One way I’m better today than I was last week is...
One way I’m better today than I was last month is...
One way I’m better today than I was last year is...